This is a head gum original.
How's this for lighting for an ad?
Whatever.
You know my problem with edibles.
Sometimes you get so high.
It can be really difficult to dose it outright, to control the how high you get.
There's nothing worse than being baked out of your mind when you didn't plan on it.
And you don't want to eat it.
There's no going back.
You just sit there suffering.
I'm stoned out of your mind.
That's why when I need the perfect medium high, I had up my friends at Diet Smoke.
For the delicious Delta ATHC gummies.
Alright, Diet Smoke isn't light.
It's just right.
So what exactly is Delta 8?
Delta 8 is a simply less potent THC.
Alright.
The THC you're probably most familiar with is Delta 9.
And while both are natural to the cannabis plant,
Diet Smoke extracts their Delta 8 from hemp.
So make all this loophole.
I call it the secret recipe for getting a smooth, stable and most importantly, legal high.
Diet Smoke is legal in most states and it's non-prescription.
Just check Diet Smoke's website to see if they ship their delicious gummies to your state.
Now you're probably asking yourself, does that even smoke really get you?
Of course.
The high you get with Diet Smoke is best described to somewhere between the chilledness of CBD.
And that plastic stone feeling you get with regular weed.
Plus, Diet Smoke comes in two delicious flavors.
Blue raspberry and watermelon.
Try and both.
I don't care.
So with CBD isn't enough for you.
And traditional THC is too much.
Enjoy the smooth buzz of Diet Smoke.
Alright, each gummy is infused with 10 milligrams of Delta ATHC.
They're right from American grown hemp.
And you don't think say, by American, get high with American.
Delta 8 gummies are low in sugar-fat free and delicious.
And then I mentioned their legal.
Yeah.
So go to dietsmoke.com and use promo code.
What's that?
For 20% off your order.
And as a special offer, Diet Smoke's coupon code can be used on every order.
Alright, none of this only your first order shit.
Diet Smoke.
Alright, dot com.
promo code.
What's that?
For 20% off.
Diet Smoke's Delta ATHC gummies are not for sale or use to people under 21.
Please use responsibly.
Christ.
Don't ever cross me.
What's that?
Because if you cross me then you'll have a cross to bear.
Which is also me.
I'll be on your back.
Like the wood was on Christ.
Okay.
Fine.
I'll make your life.
I understand.
I'm living shell of its former self.
Your house will be haunted.
Your clothes will be thread bear.
Do I make myself clear?
Yeah.
It's going to be back.
Yes.
You know, like there's no point in me being here already.
The energy is great.
Yeah.
What's that?
It's tough to be the third person who's not in the zoom slash room.
Well, it's hard to be a third.
Because, you know, you never know.
Like, especially if we start arguing, she feels like, oh, she shouldn't be here.
But she does like how much of her responsibility.
And honestly, none of it.
Because we're making the decision to bring Marie again.
What do you want to mean?
If we were a family, would you say, like, we're three siblings.
Am I like the uncle and then you two are sort of brother and sister?
Like, what's your dad for sure?
I think she and I would be brother and sister.
You'd be the uncle.
Yeah.
And I sort of married into a wacky family.
Oh, I know.
I think, I think you're, you're too, you don't marry into a wacky family.
Because you're self are too wacky.
I see.
So I had children and you, the children or you.
Yeah.
I think you're a dad.
Oh, wow.
That's very related.
Okay.
Then you had children.
But then I, I, I, I, I, fear to think what the mom could be.
That create you and Jeffrey at the same damn.
I think we, like, have adapted too much of your personality.
I see.
So I am around you too often.
And that's why I think.
You act to have grown with me and to grown with me.
Are you not hearing me?
I can't hear you.
I just don't want to.
I don't like that.
You say something.
I'm trying to like power through.
I'm Maria.
This isn't how I wanted this to go already.
I love to go to family dynamic.
Family.
Yeah.
Let's talk about family for a second.
Do family, I feel like family the whole thing with family is that they have
each other's backs.
And, uh,
hasn't always been the case.
Yeah.
Well, you're,
an adult age.
So at a certain point, you sort of have to stand up for yourself.
Right.
And I did.
And that's why we're here.
Um, Maria, I don't know if you know this, but they actually did performance reviews of you specifically.
Uh, last, I think it was a June when last, I think it was last summer.
And I didn't have your back either.
So pay back, I guess.
There's no way you submitted a performance review of me.
I said she doesn't always make things the way I would have her make things in my head.
This podcast is pretty much the only example.
You don't bring to the table the energy that I ideally would like to have to feel to see.
What?
What energy do you think I should have?
Are you hearing this?
Yeah, it sounds fine.
I'm asking for constructive criticism.
I don't know.
I, something, something, some kind of,
pizzazz, some kind of, uh,
June a sec,
you know,
where people don't understand,
oh, like, oh,
sorry.
Are you in therapy?
This feels weird.
I can't do it.
It doesn't feel good at all.
It actually does feel nice.
You don't actually, I'm going to take her bowl.
Because I'm not yet.
Yeah.
And get comfortable.
I'm taking my shoes off.
Oh, she's this.
You have the worst ankles I've ever seen.
And that's coming from me.
You do have skinkles.
Yeah.
I'm thankful for my fangles.
This is nice, actually.
We've got producer Casey here as well.
Casey, what are your ankles like?
Um, regular, regular style ankles.
That's what you want.
Yeah.
You don't want fangles.
You don't want cancels.
I don't think I think mine are pretty regular.
Yours are fine.
Yeah.
Yeah, yours are fine.
Pretty good.
Let's see your ankles.
Oh, you don't have to show your face.
It's fine.
I'm doing that.
I'm barefoot.
I will say a problem with my ankles.
A recent problem is that I got a bunch of bug bites.
Kind of like in a row on my ankles.
And so now I've got some scars to deal with.
But otherwise they're normal.
You gotcha.
Yeah, I guess.
I mean, I guess.
You guys, you guys have like kind of similar socks.
But truly the angle that I'm seeing Jeff's feet.
It's like, this is half the size of a mirror.
Yeah.
We do have the inverse.
So open.
Imagine an ankle so thin.
It can hardly.
And you're also a more barrel chested.
So you're very like, do you find yourself off balance?
Of course.
But like that has to.
That's the way into the calculus of how you move around because you're sort of so.
Top heavy.
You know how there was like a meme for a while during the the height of the Avengers movies that Chris Evans body was shaped like a Dorito.
Jeff was like a Dorito on a stick.
I'm like, why is the cake pop?
Cake pops more accurate.
Not a cake pop, but a cake pop.
Yeah.
Very good.
Have you ever sprained your ankle, Jeff?
That was easy.
Uh, I've never sprained my ankle.
I've never sprained my ankle.
I've never broken a bone or been thrown one.
What I have done is torn.
My pectoral muscle.
Oh, wow.
That sounds very painful.
Yeah.
How?
Climbing.
Oh, my God.
Put me out of commission, not only in the gym, but also sexually for the better part of 18 months.
Yeah.
I bet I bet it probably healed faster than that.
I was involuntarily celibate for those months and afterwards, right?
I think there must have been a level of voluntary.
I'm a valsell, voluntarily celibate.
Um, I had an Instagram bio pitch that I wanted to get your guys thoughts on.
Born to be a drunken.
No.
You, you, you.
Drunken.
Drunken is another one of your crutches.
What?
I'm trying to help you.
Born to be drunken.
That I like.
What?
You like that?
Yeah.
This is sort of like born to be drunken.
Is better than born to be a drunken.
Let's talk about sex, baby.
No, let's talk.
Oh, my God.
That's not it.
Self out of the week.
I don't.
There's no song.
Casey, there's no, there's no jingle.
There's no parody.
My pick is Jenny Osman.
Why?
What do you mean?
He's a Turkish basketball player.
He's unbelievably handsome.
His jaw could cut not only glass, but also tension.
Hmm.
Yeah.
It would be cool to have an athlete bond.
What about Tom Cruise?
Because he's sort of a cool mission impossible guy.
He can transition into bond as he grays.
What about Michelin possible?
So it's about a restaurant being like, honestly, we're not that far off.
Casey loved it.
I do like that.
Michelin possible.
That's actually pretty good.
It's better than born to be a drunken.
Michelin possible.
Murdieka, who's your bond to the fucking week?
Sorry for my.
I don't mean to cuss.
Yeah, I guess I wasn't prepared.
I am wearing a Mads Mikkelson shirt though.
For all the casino royale fans out there.
Yeah.
The villain.
So not he can't be bond.
I love Jenny.
Full transition.
I mean, he.
I mean he.
Dies.
I don't remember.
But.
You can't say spoiler alert for every bond movie.
You don't know.
It helps the bad guy down.
I feel like.
I love James Bond.
I've seen all of them.
Why?
What?
I have hobbies.
You guys tear them down.
When I have a lack of cultural knowledge.
You also tear me down.
So I just do nothing, right?
So what I do is I follow my heart.
Cheese style.
Are you Mads bro?
And then it's a picture of Mads Mikkelson.
He's ignoring me.
Is that your T-shirt?
This shirt from Super Jackie by the way.
And they have a lot of.
They have a lot of good Mads shirts right now.
I got a shirt.
Mereka that you would actually like.
I should have worn it today.
It's a pranks in Austria shirt.
So it's.
A little more in Morris from as Winston and New Girl.
But doing like the Frank Sinatra mug shot.
And it just brings in Austria.
That is.
That's fun.
I do like that.
I guess my bond of the week is.
I just saw a picture of Ryan Gosling.
Daniel.
I said Tom Cruise Tom Cruise.
Casey, who's your bond of the week?
He's looking at us.
Sorry, hold on.
I'm texting.
Holy shit.
Holy text to Pierce Brosnan.
He wants to get his insight.
He's part of the committee.
Um.
How about a Timothy Shalaman?
It could be like a young James Bond.
Oh, that would be bad.
It could be like young Sheldon, but young James.
No, fuck.
What do you mean?
Whoa.
Young Sheldon.
What do you say?
My stance.
Mereka's a huge big bang stand.
She thinks that it's not cannon to have young Sheldon also.
She's a big bang.
No.
I wanted on record that that that kid was like a big feeder.
It's still a big feeder influencer.
And one time I saw him tap dancing on the sidewalk and that just ruins tap shoes.
So I've been dead against him.
You've been dead against him.
What?
12-year-olds.
Probably.
Tagway.
Like on the sidewalk.
Yeah.
And now you hate the entire show.
Thousands of people work on it.
They're fine.
It's just this kid.
Workers, woodworkers.
They're all gracious.
Yeah.
I don't have to.
I don't have to like not like a show and not like everyone that works on.
Every one that works on it.
Right?
I don't throw me under the bus saying like you need workers.
I don't have to not like everyone on a show to not like the show.
Yeah.
It computes.
She just doesn't like the titular.
Yeah.
Now like the titular young Sheldon.
Um.
Sorry.
We haven't had a major killer in a minute.
Um, I don't have anything but let's see what we come up with as this place.
Major killer.
Don't forget to bond with those speaking of bond with those closest to you.
You have to make time for people that you maybe feel like you can put on the back burner.
Like I would say that I'm here is one of my closest friends in the world.
But we haven't hung out in a while.
We never hang out.
And I feel like you went on a trip with him.
Yeah.
That was like a group.
I was a company hanging.
It wasn't a we never hang out one on.
I would have loved to be wherever you and Abby tell her we're on that roof.
What?
I'm posted a photo of you guys on a roof.
Oh yeah.
That was one of her friends.
Graduation parties.
You would actually not be in prison.
Twenty two year old.
Now I was in a college graduation.
Assault.
Don't look at me like that.
What do you want me to say?
What do you talk to your brother?
He's obviously acting out.
He's hangry, cranky, or both.
What's cranky?
It's cranky and hangry.
That's redundant.
Yeah.
Let's talk about dating in LA for a while.
We're in the wax period.
I had a long segment planned after this, but you know what?
I liked it.
Talk about Casey's dating life.
Fine.
Casey as much as you're comfortable sharing it.
What is dating in LA like for you?
I went on a date like three months ago.
There you have it.
So you're in a relationship.
Let's call her now and let her know.
Let's call her now slash daddy.
Was you didn't hit it off?
No, we didn't hit it off.
Okay.
Was she rich?
Famous?
She's this man.
What?
Private questions layered on top of private questions.
The only reason to date in Los Angeles is to social climb.
And I'm very open and honest about that because why else would I not be single?
Why else would I not be able to do exactly what I want when I want?
How I want and where I want?
Why else would you not be single?
Yeah.
You mean you are single?
I am single.
So why else would you not be?
No, I'm saying why would I want to not be single?
Unless it was just basically climb up the ladder.
Like I want to rub elbows elbows with like, I don't know,
fucking amazing people.
Rub elbows.
Not a typo.
I actually do want to rub my elbows.
That's elbow pebbles.
I'm fruity pebbles.
So I'll hang out with famous people, right?
And they'll like sort of make me plank on pebbles.
And I stand up to still pebbles on my elbows.
And I want to be like, Mr. Curie.
Yes, sir.
Is that joke?
No way Joe Curie hangs out with you.
Joe?
A different Curie.
A Curie.
You were a child.
Curie.
What will make me plank on pebbles?
I might get out there still pebbles on pebbles.
But it's such a long way to justify your pebbles.
That was easy.
Yeah.
What about you?
You're not even married.
You're just dating.
So you're just seeing each other.
You're like going steady.
Now we live together.
What do you mean?
I'm not even married as if it's like that's the bar.
If you're in the hospital, she can't be in the room with you.
Yeah.
I'm sure she can.
I mean, my lab one visitor doesn't matter if our marital status I don't think.
Okay.
But if she had the choice to pull the plug, which obviously she would want.
Yeah.
She can't make that choice.
You're saying if I'm on life support.
And I'm in a coma.
If you're in hospice, she can't make the call.
Like if something terrible happened to be like,
When I'm like 90 or four years old or something.
As an old man,
I feel you still feed me when I'm 42.
I'm almost 42.
When do you think you're most attractive era will be physically?
There's a lot of people we're saying on the head.
But first of all, headgames sketches are back.
YouTube.com slash headgum.
If you're watching this video, you can also click on this channel.
People were saying that you look great.
Oh, really?
I didn't see any of those comments.
Yeah.
I saw some that said we look older.
I didn't see anyone that said anyone specifically looked great.
There were some compliments about Riley's jump suit, I should say.
Yeah.
I feel like, but you know, you specifically,
I think latch on to like minor criticisms,
instead of like seeing the praise that's maybe on the table.
No, I pretty much searched for praise with the fine tooth comb
and I didn't find any.
Is this on TikTok or YouTube, you saw?
This is going to be on YouTube for something.
Okay, I'll go back and look at that.
I think my peak attractiveness was my mid-30s.
Like when I was 35 to 37.
When like in our old office,
like pre-lacic post-move into LA.
So do you ever do happen in LA?
I don't regret LASIC because it's much more convenient.
But I think I looked more handsome with glasses,
but I like not needing them.
Like I can always just put on fake glasses.
Yeah.
Which I did in our video.
I think you're, I think you're peaking.
Wow, thank you.
I needed to hear that.
And if you can find that YouTube comment, please send it to me.
All right.
Casey, when was or is going to be your peak attractiveness?
Or is it now, do you feel?
I've only known you for like three months, so I can't wait in.
When were you high-key, the Zaddiest?
I was probably high-key, Zaddi.
At 2017, a lot of similar to me.
I guess it's four or five years ago.
Yeah, but then, you know, I feel like, you know, a COVID.
Yeah.
Has taken a toll.
I'm trying to get back to my Zaddi days.
Yeah.
I think you're Zaddi.
Zaddi.
Well, thanks.
Maria, same question.
Right?
Um, I have low self-esteem.
I don't think I've hit my peak yet.
That's really good.
It's optimistic.
Well, it's actually high self-esteem if you think about it.
Yeah.
Best is yet to come style.
No, because I just don't.
I think badly of myself at current and past moments.
Well, when I made that call for people to sort of bed and or wed you on this show,
a couple of months ago.
Yeah, you should.
There were a lot of people that were like, I want to.
I'm sorry, but fuck, Marie.
Yeah.
She's so screwed.
I think they just said, fuck, Marie, kill like they were angry.
Yeah.
That's what I read.
I just heard the last two words of the sentence.
There were like two people that had an elaborate date planned for you.
Oh.
That could be exciting.
Maria, could you ever date a head-gump podcast fan?
I feel like I would have to depend on the person.
And I'd also just be always slightly concerned.
Right.
That's why they listen to it.
Or I should say, was it a check for or against if someone's like,
I'm a huge head-gump podcast fan?
I think it's pretty neutral.
I don't think it's like the deciding factor.
That's way that's worse than negative.
Because it's like, it's the thing of, hey, man, what's your problem with me?
You don't like me?
I don't think about you.
Yeah.
I don't think about you at all.
Right.
What do you mean?
So you'd rather, you'd rather someone have a strong opinion against the no opinion.
I'd rather Marie could be turned off by the fact that they listen to the show rather than be like,
it doesn't affect it at all.
Yeah.
It should at least affect the decision.
I don't think it should.
Well, I guess the thing of that, it is like so many of us internally as a company
listen to it because it's like hearing what each other have to say.
So I feel like in that way, there's like some level of like, it's okay too.
But also, I would probably like, not if I didn't work.
But do you listen to the episodes you're not on?
Sometimes, yeah.
I fall in the hind.
I think we should do like a revolving door of like a sexual deep dive of everyone at the company.
I don't think so.
Oh, thank you.
That's right.
That's probably legal.
You know, I shouldn't be on the episodes when that happens.
You know, exit interviews?
Well, this is a Brexit interview.
What are your thoughts on the whole situation over there?
We can talk about it.
I recognize that on its face, it seems.
Yeah.
Like a HR violation.
But what's your answer to the question?
Do you think you've peaked?
You haven't peaked yet or you had a heyday and it's already over.
I had a heyday in 2017.
Really.
But right now, I'm in the best shape.
I've been in since high school.
Oh.
And is that why you posted a topless photo of yourself to Instagram?
Sort of a.
I mean, you got low key.
You put their time.
You got to do something with it.
But I think I think I'm about to enter a stage of peaking.
Really.
And I hope that I can hang on to it.
Because, oh my god, peaking is fleeting.
And, you know, no one's ever happy.
So.
Major killer.
I'm sorry.
He's a healer.
He actually is kind of hard to hear.
He's fleeting.
And vice versa.
And fleeting.
He's fleeting.
Quick break.
But before we do that, I'd like to mention that I ran into thinniest the other day.
Uh, who?
Cool.
Guys, our next partner has a product that I use literally every day.
We're talking about letter greens.
This stuff makes me feel energized.
Obviously, I have a lot of sleep issues.
Last night, I only got five hours.
Um, but I started my day off right with a delicious scoop of athletic greens is AG1, right?
It has everything I need.
So what is this stuff?
Well, with one delicious scoop of athletic greens, you're absorbing 75 high-quality vitamins,
minerals, whole-food source superfoods, probiotics, and adaptogens to help start your day right.
This special blend of ingredient supports your gut health, your nervous system, your immune system, your energy recovery.
It's an aging.
All the things, right?
I wake up.
I have water.
All right.
I got a, well, I wake up.
Get out of bed.
Drag a comb across my ass.
And then I have AG1.
All right.
It benefits my energy.
Uh, I feel just kind of more in tune with my body.
Uh, and it tastes great.
I've said this before.
I think it tastes kind of like tropical.
Um,
Micah disagrees with me, but that's how I feel about it.
Uh, this stuff is lifestyle friendly, whether you eat keto, paleo, vegan, dairy,
or gluten free.
It's all for you.
It contains less than 1 gram of sugar, no GMOs, no nasty chemicals, or artificial anything,
while still tasting good.
And it also, again, yes, supports better sleep quality and recovery, as well as mental clarity
and alertness, which they don't say this, but if you're recovering from COVID, give it a shot.
It's helped me with some brain fog.
Um, oh, here's my foster cat.
Okay.
Um, it's the one thing with the best things.
Well, that agreement uses the best of the best products based on the latest science with constant
product iterations and third party testing, and it costs less than $3 a day, but you're investing
in your health, and it's cheaper than your cold brew habit.
It's also cheaper than getting all the different supplements yourself, and you're investing
in an all-in-one nutritional insurance.
So right now, it's time to reclaim your health and arm your immune system with convenient daily
nutrition.
All right.
It's just one scoop in a cup of water every day.
That's it.
No need for a million different pills and supplements to look out for your health.
And to make it easy, athletic greens is going to give you a free one-year supply of immune
supporting vitamin D and five free travel packs for their first purchase.
I'm about to go to Michigan.
I don't take my athletic greens.
Uh, and all you have to do is visit athletic greens.com slash what's that?
Again, that's athletic greens dot com slash what's that to take ownership over your health
and pick up the ultimate daily nutritional insurance.
And we're back.
Welcome to a segment that I like to call vague 73 questions.
Sorry, who did you run into?
Phineas.
Oh, Connor.
Billy, I'll hit it off.
We didn't talk.
So you don't run into it.
We brushed apples.
Nice.
All right.
Here we go.
You guys know, Vogue 73 questions videos.
Yeah.
Well, this is vague 73 questions.
Great.
Wait, I think I'm going to sit up.
Yeah.
I think you should, I think you should, like, keep sliding down.
Until you're, like, awful.
I can't really show.
Oh, this is actually more comfortable here.
So how's this for the framing, though, Casey?
Can you still see me?
I can.
Yeah.
I could see you.
Turn my mic.
Turn your mouth.
Yeah.
This is actually one of the more interesting shots I've seen in the studio.
Okay.
So Vogue 73 questions.
They ask pretty basic questions, but it's just high powered celebrities.
So people find it interesting.
This is going to be because none of us are high powered celebrities.
They're just going to be a little bit vagueer.
That, yeah.
Let's hear it to you here.
Here we go.
I am verified on.
You can be famous without having possessing any power.
Thanks.
Because even in terms of, like, pod, not a content creation.
It's mainly Katie.
Making the calls.
Appreciate it.
I needed to hear it, especially today.
It was a nice reunion.
What's the, sorry.
What's the movie you watch when you're feeling sad or happy?
Are we watching this movie?
Are we not.
We'll go Marieka Casey, I'm here.
Okay.
We very much when I'm feeling sad or happy is probably starter for 10.
I knew it was my movie.
I never fucking heard of it.
What is that?
It's supposed to be relaxed.
It's supposed to be calm.
About cliches in England and going to college.
It's good.
And then some of our batch James McEvoy,
Alice, the dominant Cooper James Corden,
Rebecca Hall, all in it.
It's great time.
Not in it.
Donna Hugh.
You're a film buff.
Yeah.
You know, I'd probably say the quick and the dead Sam Ramey.
Well, I just just getting over COVID.
And I watched a bunch of my favorite, you know,
When you're sick, you watch movies that you like.
Yeah.
And that was one of the ones I was like,
It's time to watch the quick and the dead.
I was in a play in my freshman year of high school with Sam Ramey's niece.
Ramey Ramey.
So how sick is that?
Is your last name Ramey?
No.
Who cares?
Fine.
I'm here.
Favorite movie.
It doesn't matter.
Uh, white men can't jump.
All right.
What about favorite news in the last five years?
Hmm.
Let's do some quick and interesting.
Because we do have 70 news in the last five years.
Yes.
The vaccine was pretty cool.
When they asked that.
Uh, success.
Vaccine was cool.
I thought, uh, when Trump got COVID,
Everyone was having a chance.
Yes.
All right.
Change my answer.
When Trump got COVID, for sure.
Hmm.
We've a nice to see him.
Erish.
Do you ever otherwise?
Favorite Marvel?
Sorry.
Favorite Marvel.
Let's give that one together.
Ironman.
Nice.
I'm here.
Why would you say?
She said Ironman.
No, but I thought you were going to change the question.
I don't like.
Favorite Marvel slash Marvel.
Uh, there's this marble I have.
That was pretty sick growing up.
I've had this like red.
Little almost like a cracking it.
But it was baked into the DNA of the marble.
Why do you die?
I know you're telling about it, man.
Those are cool.
Thank you.
Thor Ragnum Marvel.
Casey.
Um.
Uh.
I'm black and I'm a name.
What's it called?
With the Thor Ragnarac.
Yeah.
I just said that.
No, you said Thor Ragnum Marvel.
Yeah.
That's what we are.
I couldn't even possibly think of the name after that.
All right.
What about a book you got?
What about a book I got?
I have the play.
Small engine repair on my desk right now.
Nice.
Casey.
Uh.
Cathedral by Raymond Carver.
Collection of short stories.
Ooh.
I feel like I also have that book, but just haven't read it because I'm dumb.
I'm here.
I've been trying to read one book a month.
This year.
Wow.
That's it.
The four of red so far are the choice by Edith Eager.
That's my pick.
Number two is the honest book by meery and fader.
Also very good.
Number two.
What's uh.
All right.
The biggest bluff.
We need to be fast for it.
In the videos.
It's like question answer.
Question answer.
Yeah.
We're making a meal out of all of them.
The Bob Odin Kirk memoir.
He just wrote was kind of interesting.
If you're like a comedy fan.
Uh.
It's funny that he wrote an autobiography just in the middle of his career.
That was kind of interesting.
And currently reading boon town.
Though I'm not too deep into it.
So yeah.
So far I'll say the choice kind of.
You know, despite being about the Holocaust survivors.
Were you?
Were like.
They're him.
Did you realize?
Oh, I'm going to grow up to be shit.
Or did you think that?
Is this the next vague question?
So let's start with Marika.
Are you asking?
Oh.
Yeah.
I did.
I think I was going to grow up to be like shit.
This is the next vague 70th question.
A class you took in high school that you don't remember taking.
So we can't answer this question.
You can.
Oh, no.
I literally.
I think mine is like.
Uh.
United.
Like, you're not.
Oh, my god.
American history.
Like, I just don't remember taking US history at all.
I don't know if I did.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Pretty good.
KCM here.
Uh, I took forensic science.
But uh, my god.
I don't remember any of it.
I took chemistry, but it was senior year.
So at a certain point, it was like a new teacher who is almost our age.
And he sort of let us just get away with stuff.
So I didn't really learn.
Or we got to go faster here.
Go.
Favorite TV show that never was.
Oh my god.
Uh, the show that um,
Christmas plus and Nicholas Brown were supposed to star in.
Uh, I think it was called like friend me or something.
And it never went to air because I think the um,
the writer uh died.
Hmm.
He was a writer die.
Uh.
Let's stop going in order.
Just shout out like a quick answer if you have one.
My writer die.
Uh, Ralph.
This equal to elf about a radio alien life form.
I thought that was rave.
No.
You're thinking of rave.
Ha ha ha.
Name.
Uh, also uh, Ralph.
Yeah.
Interesting.
On a scale of one to 40.
How are you feeling about life right now?
Woo.
My life or just life on earth.
Uh, your life.
Hmm.
My life is like in the mid 20s,
but life on earth probably in the single digits at a certain point.
Hmm.
Uh, 16 for my life.
Um,
single digits for just in general.
Uh, 28 for my life.
That's good.
And uh,
three, four.
Everything else.
We're also cynical and pessimistic.
Favorite.
What about you Jeff?
Me probably 30.
Oh, that's good.
Favorite iPhone call.
And what about for in general society in general society five.
Yeah.
Hello.
Favorite iPhone call.
iPhone call.
Is it that you can't hear me or you don't understand?
It doesn't make sense.
Like the weather's the last word that you said.
Call.
Okay.
Be me if you want.
So like the ring tone, a ring tone.
Uh, they're vague.
You can interpret them as an any way you want.
Favorite like the one that's like.
Don't do, don, don, don, don, don.
That's pretty good.
Yeah.
Thanks.
I think your peaky.
Maria.
Like, my audio.
Physically.
Yeah.
I'm sure a lot of people are going to see you singing that ring tone and find it charming
Nice just things.
Let's show a good.
We can perfectly sexual.
Next question.
Least social media.
Effort.
Okay.
That's really good.
it starts don't it's anything
It's not going to be fun, right?
You don't have to move on when people hit the peak.
Who shouldn't everyone know?
So you're just going to ignore Marie's question.
Again, KC, like, these are kind of like,
it's a structure to play with it.
And then it's like whoever has the funniest joke,
OK, we end it there and move on.
OK.
Who shouldn't everyone know?
You.
Oh, my savage garden.
Absolutely, wrecked him.
Mercy kill.
Do you have an audio thing that goes finish him,
like from Mortal Kombat?
How did you not get that set up?
For no shame.
Oh, nice.
He said it so fast.
He wasn't even done.
Say Sam Ramees, niece.
That's funny.
Um, what food do you hate to not have?
Hmm.
Um, mashed potatoes.
Bubbly drinks.
Probably french fries.
Yeah, I was going to say fries.
You're also high up there.
Favorite drink to eat?
Milk shit.
Bubbles to eat.
That's kind of only one right answer there.
Oh, bubble tea's good.
Yeah.
Favorite dessert time thing?
So favorite dessert?
No, well, it could.
If your favorite dessert time thing is the dessert,
then yeah, it could be the dessert.
But it could also be a digested steaf.
It could be maybe your, you know,
dirty talking with your partner and saying,
Oh, like, I'm going to have you for dessert.
Um, I've never had sex.
It's going to be sick.
Cookies.
Cookies are good.
Yeah.
I'm going to have you for dessert.
And now you want us to just say,
like, how can we?
Uh, vanilla or other.
I'll say vanilla.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
Good.
Me too.
vanilla gets a bad rap.
Coffee, tea, or wax.
Oh.
That hurt to hear.
I like coffee.
Maybe you disagree.
Yeah.
I'll go coffee.
I like coffee because you got the ice cream component.
You can have coffee ice cream.
The green tea ice cream is not.
Not it fam.
But what about wax?
Lacks like candles.
Yeah.
You know, they call an open card boxes in case is wax.
Mm.
Kind of a cool term.
I'm not really stuck reading.
If like, if you had an unopened box of 1986,
fleer basketball cards, that's considered wax.
And it's probably several hundred thousand dollars.
I feel like I should put time in a half for the exact time code of everything you've set on this episode.
Because it's been utter nonsense in a way,
not only Casey's time and Marieka's time,
whose time is much more valuable than mine,
but also mine.
And mine doesn't get wasted ever.
Um, I'll say coffee as well, I think.
What's the hardest part about others not being you?
Disagreeing with their opinion.
Mm.
Yeah, I'll go with that.
Yeah.
What's your favorite band's favorite house?
Beverly Hills.
That's where they want to live.
Because my favorite band's weaser.
That's them talking about a house.
Yeah.
Probably whatever house they're performing in at the moment.
Um, house of the rising sun.
It's my guess.
That's nice.
What's band is that?
Uh, credence.
There is a house and new Orleans.
Is that a credence?
That's the order of arrival.
Is it?
No, it's cream.
Casey, do you know the band?
Yeah.
Yeah, I think it's either credence.
I keep thinking the doors.
The doors.
I was going to say it.
It's not the doors.
But it's funny.
I love the doors, but a house.
So it's like it should be.
Yeah.
That should be.
Favorite house is favorite band.
That one doesn't make sense.
Song or long.
Is that related or a new question?
That's a new question.
Song.
Yes.
Did you look up who's sing that song?
Who are you asking?
Anybody really?
Oh, it's a song by the animals.
Wow, I would not have guessed that.
I guess one hit wonder.
Hmm.
Well, I know.
I'm not somebody covered it.
Interesting.
Very interesting.
Here we go.
If you could sing a duet with Eric von Stroheim, why wouldn't you?
Because I don't know who that is.
Yeah.
That was my answer.
You asked why wouldn't you answer.
I'm just going to pee powering through because we're only at 22.
Yeah.
And so if you want, don't answer if you don't.
We've gone through all how many 73.
Yes.
If you could master one instrument, where would it be?
There's no way you have 50 more of these.
No tattoos when would that happen?
Now.
Okay.
To be or not to be or not to be.
To be or not to be.
Dogs or rats.
Dogs.
Bird watching and well watching or not.
No.
You have to do both.
Okay.
I would bird watch.
Best gift you've never received.
And here's answer is going to be love unconditionally.
I was going to say that too.
Best gift you've never given.
McDonald's happy meal.
Nice.
Last thing you stole or a friend.
A friend.
Hmm.
My friend, Jesse.
What's your favorite game when you're busy?
Good.
Mortal.
That's really good.
First of all, answer.
What's your favorite place to visit on a whim slash a veils?
What's your favorite place to visit on a veils?
Yeah.
So like you're waiting to hear back about like an enterprise commercial.
And you're jetting off to Vancouver.
Okay.
And that's your place to favorite place to visit on a veils.
Or on a whim.
It could be either or and or.
I can't believe you have 46 more.
Manhattan.
Manhattan's cool.
Yeah.
What country do you wish never even happened?
Oh my god.
Probably the USSR.
What's your favorite color for a day?
Blue.
Purple.
Shoes.
Shirts or other.
Shirts.
Beach party or impassioned argument.
Beach.
Jogging or aerobic exercise.
We already asked that one a few words.
A aerobic exercise.
Road trip of course.
That's one question.
That one's the yes or no.
Yes.
Best way to release tension between two former sworn enemies.
Group massage.
If you had no superpowers, what would be different?
Nothing.
What's the weirdest sauce in the English language?
Or is it written?
She made it away.
Jimmy Cherry's good.
I say, where's just a shishire.
Hmm.
What's your favorite flower power?
The ability to pollinate without any human interaction.
Blossom.
How was the last time you sighed?
Good.
It's good.
Do you like your woodworking?
Do you really have so many three of these?
Yes.
Why did you write them how long did it take?
Oh my god.
30 minutes.
It's just dream of conscience.
Do you cock?
Sometimes you're okay.
Never had.
What's your least favorite thing about yourself or not?
Not.
Yeah.
Not everything.
What's your favorite thing about yourself?
Why?
I like that.
I'm not addicted to my phone anymore.
Yeah.
Are you not?
Are you lying?
He's for sure lying.
On my phone.
Who slash why do you miss most slash jost?
Sorry, guys.
I think I'm going to try to strangle him.
What are you listening to right now in this room?
Bullshit.
Nice.
Favorite smell?
Tony.
Hitchcock.
What I was working for?
Why was the last time you spoke to someone on the phone?
To get a prescription refilled.
You're even bored.
The high yawning is a very you never see that on TV.
It must happen, right?
Like James Corden has to like just be tired.
Oh, 100%.
But like you never see a basketball player yawning or a host yawning or like a guest yawning.
Nice cast.
I slept two and a half hours last night.
Where was the last person?
Sorry.
Why did you go to bed?
What's that?
Why did you go to sleep?
I went to sleep at four and you woke up at 6.30.
I woke up at five.
Why?
To take my friend to the airport and then she missed her flight.
Okay.
So I turned back around.
But then she was like, no, they got me on a later flight in two hours.
So then I turned back around and then I hit rush hour traffic.
So I didn't get home until eight and then I slept another two hours.
So you wait.
You dropped her off and then she's like actually I have a flight in two hours.
Come back to get me.
She missed her flight because of my being late to pick her up.
Of course.
So then you drove back with her away from the airport.
I drove her to the airport.
Correct.
Roughly 15 minutes late.
Okay.
She misses her flight.
The door is closed four minutes before she got to her gate.
When was her flight?
6.27.
Got it.
And she got there like around 16 to late.
Yeah.
And so you leave the airport with her?
What's that?
You leave the airport with her.
I left after she went inside.
Right.
And so I'm going back home.
Yep.
Trying to go get some sleep.
It's like 7.30.
At this point, it's 6.10.
Okay.
And then she got her.
It's like starting to get like.
She's like, I might miss my flight.
Okay.
And I'm like, okay.
Well, like, obviously come get you if so.
Oh.
I just wanted to point out that I am.
Where was the last person you sent to text to?
I think he was Marieka in her apartment.
Yeah.
You somewhere.
I don't know.
A sport you wish you could read.
Like, you know, LeBron sort of surveys the court.
Like, he can, you know, everything that's happening.
I guess golf.
I'm intrigued about golf after playing top golf.
Yeah.
We did play top golf and the retreat in Arizona.
That was very fun.
A hairstyle you know, you could pull off.
But can, sorry.
A hairy style.
You know you could pull off.
A hair style you know you can pull off.
But could.
It's hairy style.
Really like real name.
Yeah.
Fucking hell.
It's the coolest guy in the world.
Color.
Did you see the video of him filming a music video in people's house?
No.
The late show.
It's really funny.
It's, uh, I think Ian Carmel probably wrote it.
Oh, yeah.
That's really good.
Sun, glass, z night or other.
Other.
Happy endings.
The show slash crime.
Who?
The show.
Favorite season within winter?
The end of winter.
I'm going to said cuffing season.
Three people living or dead that you would like to dismiss.
Benish Mark Paul Gossler.
Why or why not?
Why not?
I would not.
Hmm.
He's a very talented guy.
Life is a highway or train station mishaps.
How do you know Mark Paul Gossler?
Because say by the bell was before you were born, right?
I know screech.
Interesting.
How were you recently?
How were you recently passed away, right?
What's that?
You recently passed away.
He's gone.
Yeah.
He's dead.
I'm pretty sure Gossler's gone.
No, Gossler's alive.
Dustin really died.
Yeah.
He wasn't screech.
He was that chorus.
I never thought say by the bell.
How were you born and who?
I think we got a pass on that.
I don't know.
What's the closest you've been from home?
Very loud.
Yeah.
Probably right outside the door or in the door frame.
Sweepcakes or savory buns.
Savory buns.
Ooh.
How many more of these are there?
They're sin.
Okay.
Pretty good.
Lipstick or oath keeping.
oath keeping.
Yeah.
What book of the Bible have you read over and over and over and over?
Revelations.
Really?
Genesis.
This is a revelation to me.
Exodus.
Cause you read it during the summer.
Of the people.
Not sure.
What favorite bedtime story as an adult?
Hmm.
I've been trying to read a book a month.
What would be the title of your memoir?
Failure?
No.
Mind what would be like avoiding a real job.
The in your blue and spell of good equity.
Who would play with a movie?
Don't choose someone hot.
Let's all choose for somebody else.
Cause you never truly know what you look like.
So for Jeff, I would choose Ben Kingsley.
I don't know.
I think he's gone.
Right.
But Ben Kingsley would be sick.
Well, we need someone with the wafish ankles of a man who's passed.
And who can do brown face and get away with it.
If necessary.
Slash ad nausea.
Casey.
Hmm.
Who's a Casey like slash lucky like he.
Casey.
Do you consider yourself a redhead?
Yes.
I think Rupert Grint.
Are you saying that cause he has red hair?
What about that gleason kid?
Oh, no, you don't know.
Damien.
What's his name?
Not Shazel.
That's the director.
Damien.
Her spine.
No.
Louis.
Damien.
That's good.
And now for casting.
Marika.
How do we possibly start slash.
Who's a Marika like?
Maybe Zoe Kravitz?
Hmm.
It's pretty good.
Yeah.
It's watering.
Oh, yeah.
And lastly.
Oh, kind of.
You're kind of like one second.
This is what Zoe talked.
Her name would still be Marika in the movie.
Hmm.
I mean, I think you do look like Christmas loss.
Not to bring it back.
I met a once.
Yeah.
He sent me a photo of you guys next to each other.
Nice guy, but Celtics fans.
So I have to move that against him.
Is he from Boston?
Yeah.
I think so.
Um, least favorite animal that you guys think we should all eat.
I don't.
I don't think they're swine.
I think we're roosters because all chicken sex is non-consensual.
That's why I don't have feel bad getting.
Eggs.
Tricks.
Okay.
This is good one.
Why would you ever write it first?
First good one.
Well, is it?
Why would you ever write a movie?
Is that just for a mirror?
Because everyone else makes sense.
Oh, this is good.
What's the reason for you to have a platform?
To help other people.
People do what you say.
The people do what you say.
If people do what you say, why would the world be any different?
People do what you say.
If everyone had to do what I say, I may write off the bat certain laws would change and things would be different.
What laws would you change?
I'm genuinely curious.
I would get rid of certain weapons of mass destruction.
Boom.
Am I a hero for that?
The world's gone.
I mean, you tell me.
You're not listening to music.
Was that?
Oh, sorry.
I'm listening to her podcast.
What drug should everyone have to take to deal with a mirror?
I think ecstasy.
Because you kind of really need to be happy to be around.
Because he will still drag you down to a stasis.
I think stasis is where you want to be, right?
Yes.
But if you don't take the ecstasy, he drags you down.
To a stasis.
No.
That's good.
Without the drug.
You're saying drags you down to depression.
Sorry?
Yeah.
You need a stimulant.
Desert sunsets are suing headgum.
Obviously, the first one is the second one.
The second one will financially ruin me.
Well, that was vague 73 questions.
Thank you guys so much for your in-depth answers and not.
Let's do plugs.
Casey, what do you have going on?
What do you want to point the people to the floor is yours?
Follow me on Twitter.
At Casey Downey.
That's it.
How is Top Gun?
Did you see it in 4DX?
No, I just saw I'm X, but...
Was it awesome?
I mean, to see those guys fly those planes
is really something.
It really is.
Is it better than the original Top Gun, a movie I despise?
As a movie, the story is like whatever.
It's just like it does.
But you don't go for the story.
You're going to see Tom Cruise fly a plane upside down for real.
Yeah.
He's fucking worth it.
He does this shit.
Yeah.
He's a madman.
He's a goose.
Um...
Maria?
Uh...
Follow me on Twitter, Instagram, and letter boxed at Maria Gailon.
Follow head-gum on TikTok.
Yeah, we're almost at 10K followers.
I think we're going to get there.
We've got to go for the end of the month.
Why don't you more viral bumps?
And I think we should get there.
Yeah.
And I'm going to plug two things.
My Twitter.
Because I'm almost at 10,000.
That would make me sort of...
It's been like that for months.
Dateable.
And the head-gum YouTube channel.
Head-gum sketches.
Back.
Every other week.
Uh, this comes out...
This upcoming...
On the third.
A week from today.
This comes out June 3rd.
So there's another one coming out June 7th.
And we just released one on May 24th.
So I go check that out.
Or don't.
How did people like this snacks one the new one?
I think it was a hit.
I think it was unequivocally a hit.
I didn't see any negative comments.
Wow.
People's appearances are vibes in general.
But...
I was like...
Very young.
Yeah, we're young.
Very funny.
And better since the pandemic.
The pandemic didn't basically age us at all.
Yeah.
I don't know.
We'll see you guys again next week.
Thanks so much for listening.
This episode of the Head-gum podcast.
I guess...
That's not as folk.
Could have asked one last question.
Yeah.
Just curious if you like the vibe of me laying down versus sitting like...
Is there something like, should I like lean into that?
Or is it like sort of a one-off?
You guys didn't really appreciate that.
Or you thought it sort of added to the...
Yeah.
Leave comments below.
The energy.
Yeah.
I personally really liked it.
I really wanted to see a mirror on the floor by the end melting.
Yeah.
And I posted some screenshots to Slack.
A lot of people wanted you on the floor, so...
Okay.
So pointing that you will back up.
A little more on the floor fell.
Okay.
And I'm curious to see what the camera picked up.
Let's hear the...
What was it?
That is...
That's a dot and dots, folks.
Say the catch phrase again.
I'm just going to end it here.
And it'll end on like a low energy note because of you.
Okay.
okay.
Okay, okay.
Okay.